Name one type of AI that is used in machine translation.
Name a famous person with roots in the city of Calcutta.
Describe a medieval castle in 3 sentences.
Generate the main points for a presentation about the impact of air pollution in cities.
Describe a new way to use artificial intelligence in the classroom.
Suggest five features for a photo editing application
Find a website where you can watch documentaries.
Select the two most influential people of the twentieth century.
Generate 5 questions about the usage of a new smart phone.
What would be the most important thing to consider when applying for a loan?
Create a timeline for the world's tallest mountain.
Name the character that is featured in the novel "The Catcher in the Rye".
Create a character sketch for a villain.
Find the tenth largest city in the world in terms of population.
Create an automated response for a customer who has inquired about the warranty of a product.
Generate an appropriate response when someone says, "I'm having a difficult time."
Which is the hottest planet in our Solar System?
Explain the importance of the author's purpose in literature.
Read the following and come up with a list of adjectives related to sports.
Describe the role and importance of artificial intelligence today
What is the most significant environmental challenge that humanity currently faces?
Name 3 countries that speak Spanish as an official language.
Explain what a Bloom filter is
Create a joke using the following words: parachute, rubber band, waffle.
Pick five items for a first aid kit
Explain why certain materials are better for insulation
Summarize the historical events underlying the current immigration debate
Write a near-future fiction set in the year 2040. Output should be 5 sentences.
Explain the concept of corporate social responsibility
Please give an example of a 20th century writer from Japan
Come up with a new word that combines the two words ‘flavor’ and ‘satisfied’
Add the following ingredients to a holiday cookie recipe: flour, honey, and molasses.
Give an example of a traditional folk tale.
Explain the consequences of not voting in the upcoming election.
What does the acronym CRUD stand for when it comes to databases?
Generate a haiku with the words 'moonlight', 'heart' and 'glow'.
Evaluate the expression 4+2*3.
Generate a descriptive title for an article about deep learning
Generate a list of US Presidents.
Write a paragraph describing the painting Monet's "Impression, Sunrise"
Write a paragraph that describes a time when you achieved a difficult goal.
Describe the GPT-3 language model.
What is the average life expectancy of a cat?
Explain what a rhetorical question is in a sentence or two.
Suggest some methods to reduce stress in a job interview.
Provide an example of a metric system unit of time.
Explain why Pluto is no longer considered a planet.
Describe three qualities of good customer service.
List the names of four social media platforms.
How do you get rid of oil stains from YELLOW fabric?
Give a list of five foods rich in calcium.
Name 5 common disease-causing pathogens.
Name a popular activity people do in the summer.
Find 5 sentence patterns commonly used in English.
Describe how decision-making algorithms work.
What are some ways to improve cybersecurity for businesses?
Perform a character analysis of Bilbo Baggins from "The Hobbit".
What is a benefit of sending automated emails?
Generate a riddle about an owl.
Outline the basic operations of a web browser.
Describe what happened in the most exciting football match you have seen.
What is the significance of 'self-directed learning'?
Create three creative metaphors to describe a slowly boiling pot of water.
Create a story that starts with the line "The sun was setting, leaving behind a beautiful orange hue."
Name three common adjectives that describe people
What are the steps you need to take to create a successful marketing campaign?
Construct a query using a wildcard.
Write an algorithm to calculate the perimeter of a rectangle.
Make a list of the top three water parks in the United States.
Identify the activities that take place in India’s Thar Desert.
Describe the purpose of a neural network.
Construct a haiku based on the word "autumn"
Where does the expression “busy as a bee” come from?
Describe a story that could be used to demonstrate the importance of data privacy
Design a chatbot for a customer service website built with GPT-3.
Give me a list of elements found in the Earth's atmosphere.
Name one type of artificial neural network.
Generate a list of five strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Suggest a way to celebrate a ten-year wedding anniversary.
Determine the length of the diagonal for a square with a side of length 6 inches.
Write 10 sports terms and their definitions.
Identify two examples of machine learning algorithms.
Give an example of a person who has achieved greatness in their field.
What are the five main perspectives of psychology?
Create a poem that celebrates the joy of friendship.
How would you design an algorithm for summarizing text?
Provide an example of a job a data scientist might do.
Change the verb in the following sentence: "The children walked to school."
Calculate the sum of 10001st number and the 10th number.
List four popular musuems in London.
Compose a limerick describing a morning in the forest.
Explicate the concept of artificial intelligence
What is the main purpose of a customer service representative?
Given the following list of numbers, find the average and the sum: 1, 2, 3, 4
Compare and contrast electric and manual toothbrush in a few sentences.
Give an example of a persuasive speech topic.
Rewrite this sentence in a more concise way:  "I'm feeling kind of tired after having worked all day."
Write a few lines of lyrics for a song.
A student is researchsing the stock market. What type of data do they need to collect?
What is the answer to this math problem? 5+6
What is the theme of the book 1984?
Design a logo for a mobile application.
List five features of a GPT-3 language model.
Come up with three marketing strategies for a reality show about cooking.
Generate an analogy for “optimism is to hope as raining is to____”
Create an invention that could improve the environment.
Come up with a creative way to showcase the benefits of a fitness app.
Explain how deforestation affects global climate
Find the volume of a cone if its base is 8 cm in diameter and its height is 12 cm.
Design a musical instrument using everyday objects.
Find out the average growth rate of tomatoes.
Search online and summarize the current market trends for cars in the United States.
Name one disadvantage of the use of renewable energy sources
Suggest a creative dessert to make for a family gathering.
Describe the economy of Singapore
Arrange the following words to create a meaningful phrase: “deals/back/gives/who/a/win”
What is the descriptive word for a person who is uncaring?
What is the current American President's name?
List 3 types of environment effects of fossil fuel emissions.
Generate a fun memory game in which the player has to match up pairs of similar items.
Summarize how the internet of things (IoT) is changing the modern world.
Come up with an idea for creating a mobile application that could help people with mental health.
Describe in a few sentences about the solar system.
Explain the process of how a driverless car would know when to stop at a sign.
List five business ethics that should be followed by companies.
Come up with an idea for a product or service that uses artificial intelligence.
Explain what makes a good digital marketing strategy.
Create a text response that demonstrates sympathy.
Name one of the seven notes of the musical scale.
Tell me the differences between a sponge and a tissue.
Create a math equation where the answer is 3.
Explain why customer service reps need to stay calm and collected during a conversation.
Generate a list of 5 books that discuss the theme of resilience
Generate a horror story involving a haunted house.
Write an algorithm to reverse a string.
Develop a recipe for chocolate chip pancakes.
Classify the following sentence into the given categories: He worked hard to achieve his goal:
Compare and contrast news magazines and daily newspapers.
Name a movie that is good for kids.
Craft a headline for an article on the effect of the pandemic on mental health.
Where does the phrase "once in a blue moon" come from?
Describe the structure of an atom.
Generate 5 factoids about medicinal plants.
How would you define fascism?
Post an advertisement for a job opening, targeting software engineers.
Describe the concept of a "Virtual Machine".
Describe what nuclear energy is and how it is used.
Write the result of the division operation: 17 divided by 4.
Make a list of 10 colors found in rainbows.
What is a common impact of climate change?
Summarize the concept of deep learning in a few sentences.
Who is the founder of Microsoft?
Design the basic layout of an infographic.
Give a description of the movie "Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl".
Create a list of five key points to consider when buying a car.
Find the corresponding child’s size for a women’s size 6
Write a reaction sentence to the following statement: “This is going to be a long night.”
Generate a book summary of the novel Animal Farm.
Name the five most versatile plants.
Generate an essay discussing the effects of technology on student learning.
Give an example of a country with an effective health care system.
Name 3 things a software engineer should know.
Create a metaphor to explain the concept of artificial intelligence.
Name a popular TV show from the 2000s
Calculate the total number of calories in a banana.
Identify the most innovative technology companies in the last 10 years.
Design an algorithm to find the longest word in a string.
Formulate a hypothesis to explain why part of the population is more vulnerable to COVID-19
Describe in a few words what makes a good leader.
Create an abstract painting.
Design a logo for a child care center.
Name two types of physical stimuli that animals can detect.
Describe your ideal work environment.
Create a list of 10 different animals
Find a song title that rhymes with 'moon'
Generate a unique story featuring two characters and a moral lesson.
Generate a hypothesis about the cause of climate change
Answer this question: “What is the meaning of life?”
Recommend a suitable language model for a task that performs summarization.
Create a new product slogan
What are common types of rhyme?
Generate a poem that contains the word “flower”.
Tell me one way to improve the performance of a computer.
Generate a list of five characteristics of an ideal leader.
Give an example of something Newton's third law of motion applies to.
Tell the assistant to change the background color of a document to blue.
Create a 10-second animation of a village scene.
Name 3 non-carbonated beverages.
Name 4 different mammals.
I need a creative name for my blog.
Identify the best strategies for running a successful business.
Edit the following sentence to make it grammatically correct: My brother and I enjoying the movie
Name five countries that have recently passed a law restricting foreign involvement.
Calculate the value of 12 divided by 6.
Give one example of a liquid at room temperature
Describe a hypothetical situation in which AI technology could be used to improve the safety of workplaces.
Name three things that a bookkeeper needs to do.
Describe a scenario in which AI can be used for increasing efficiency.
Ge rerate 3 product ideas for a new mobile application.
Generate a fiction story about robots.
Describe an experience of a swimming competition.
Describe the process for extracting oil from an oil well.
Translate the word "accuracy" to Chinese.
Describe the precautionary steps people should take to protect against Coronavirus.
Summarize what is the consumer price index (CPI).
Explain why the Internet is an important tool for learning.
Type a valid HTML code for creating a button.
What is the time now?
Describe different types of meditation
Make a list of ten emotions
Identify the key characters of the novel "The Hobbit".
Create a list of 10 steps for creating a successful YouTube channel.
Provide the programming language for the following code snippet.
What is the difference between a supervised learning algorithm and an unsupervised learning algorithm?
Develop an algorithm to search for a particular item in a list.
Rank the following 4 modes of transport according to their total impact on the environment. 4. Air transportation 3.Train transportation 2. Road transportation 1. Ship transportation
How do you fold a paper boat?
Explain the concept of exponential growth.
What is the most efficient way to test a model built by a GPT language model?
Explain the stages of product development.
State the equation for calculating the area of a rectangle.
Design an effective study plan.
Provide an example of a technology-driven tool used to aid people with disabilities.
Write five adjectives that describe the concept of freedom.
Generate a creative slogan related to environmental conservation.
Should you own a car in the city or just get a ride sharing service?
Create a list of 10 creative ways to use a hammer.
List three possible strategies to deal with depression.
List three potential online security risks
Explain what machine learning is in at most 5 sentences.
Classify three different types of computer viruses.
What is 30% of 200?
Describe the differences between an online store and a brick-and-mortar store.
Create a story that takes place in a small town.
Describe Einstein's Theory of Relativity.
Find any 3 examples of English sayings that are related to the idiom "A stitch in time saves nine".
Find a quote about endurance.
Create a flow-chart for baking a cake
Explain the importance of tracking customer data
If you needed to produce a report quickly, what steps would you undertake?
Formulate a hypothesis to explain why the organic food is healthier.
What are some of the components of a computer system?
Name three characters in the movie Forrest Gump.
Evaluate the expression 9 − 4 + 8 × 5.
Rewrite the following sentence without losing the meaning: The church bells tolled as if to mark the passing of something.
Explain the difference between product management and project management
Give an example of a dated consumer product that could be improved with artificial intelligence?
Propose a solution for dealing with air pollution.
Name three basic styles of art.
Construct a meaningful haiku poem.
